The first thing I'm going to do is make sure that Spark and Kafka are running.
If I run the ps -ef command,
I see Spark here and Spark here,
so I have two Spark processes,
then I have all these Java processes that are running Kafka.
That means we're up. That's good.
Now, before we did the vehicle checkin solution,
we wrote it to the console.
Now, we're going to change that and we're,
actually, going to write it to Kafka.
We've commented out printing to the console and we are going to
now stream that data to Kafka instead.
The same DataFrame that we used for the console can easily be used
for taking information and putting it into Kafka.
We need to make sure it's in JSON format, though,
so that it'll be usable by some other system other than Spark.
We're going to cast the statusTruckNumber as a string and make that our Kafka key.
All the fields from the checkinStatusDF DataFrame,
and we're going to use the
struct(★) method call to insert all those fields in the to_json function.
Then we'll cast those as a value,
which will all just be a single JSON payload.
We're going to do writeStream to Kafka format,
put it in a broker called localhost:9092,
and the topic will be checkin-status.
We need to include this checkpointLocation which should be
a writable path on the Spark worker.
In this case, it's just a /tmp,
and then a forward slash and a file name.
Then I'm going to say.start and.awaitTermination.
I'm going to save that file.
If I cd to home/workspace/spark and ls,
then I have a script for that
called./submit-vehicle-checkin.solution.sh, actually.
Line 95, it's saying unexpected indentation.
Now, the blinking cursor means it's going to our Spark application and it's running it.
It has an error.
Let's change this to kafkacheckpoint2.
With joins, it can take a couple minutes to run.
Now, we are streaming this to another topic,
which means we won't see the output here.
We need to open up a Kafka console in order to read that information.
I'm going to cd to /data/kafka/bin and I'm going to run
the./kafka-console-consumer --bootstrap-server is localhost:9092,
topic is checkin-status, and from the beginning.
There is the JSON. I'm going to "Control C" so I can see some of it.
Here's the statusTruckNumber, that's 8810.
The destination is Pennsylvania.
We're 433 miles from the shop.
The odometer reading, the reservation ID,
the location name, and the checkinTruckNumber,
status is checked out.
I'm going to stop this Spark application with "Control C".